How is it downstairs, Father?
As above, so below.
Busy and bloody, my child.
Just how I like it father.
"Fifty year old
well-hung bear
plays blank
to make you unload."
- What's this game again?
- "Fill my hole."
I read a blurb from
the phone sex line in
this erotic literature.
Phone sex line still exist?
Yeah. I know.
It's so 80's.
So would you want
me to do again?
Guess the missing word.
"Filling my hole"
in the sentence?
And the joke works
on two levels.
Barely works on one.
So?
Well-hung bear plays...
Um... keytar?
-A keytar?
-It's a keyboard
you play like a guitar.
-That a euphemism.
-No, it's an instrument.
-Why a keytar?
-Well, you said it was 80's.
No... I feel like I'm chairing
an Alzheimer's Anonymous meeting
surely that would just be
an Anonymous, Anonymous meeting.
♪ Can't fight the temptation
when you get the vibration ♪
♪ Won't do you no good ♪
♪ It won't do you no good ♪
♪ You better start running ♪
♪ When you hear the man coming ♪
♪ It won't do you no good ♪
♪ Won't do you no good ♪
♪ No, we don't mind ♪
♪ If you don't mind ♪
♪ Hell, I never mind! ♪
♪ Now let the moment break you ♪
♪ Let the feeling
come take you ♪
♪ It won't do you no good ♪
♪ And you know I got feelings ♪
♪ When you hit me right,
you know you might as well ♪
♪ Won't do you no good ♪
♪ It won't do you no good ♪
♪ And I said kiss
your baby goodbye ♪
♪ Come on, love,
it's all right ♪
♪ Heaven knows they wanna ♪
Kill. Kill. Kill. Kill.
♪ Break you apart, yeah ♪
♪ Kiss your baby goodbye... ♪
♪ Can't fight
the temptation ♪
♪ When you get the vibration ♪
♪ Won't do you no good ♪
♪ It won't do you no good ♪
♪ And you can tell
I got feelings ♪
♪ You try to shake it off,
try it, oh, you won't ♪
♪ Won't do you no good ♪
♪ Said do you no good Yeah! ♪
Zero kills.
Who should I bet on?
So, "dirty."
Finally. "Fifty year old,
well-hung bear plays
dirty to help you unload."
♪ I said yeah ♪
♪ Yeah, yeah! ♪
♪ Whoa, yeah! ♪
Silencer selfie.
Nigel to the arena.
Nigel, clear
the arena, pronto. Pronto.
Sorry, I had to get my bucket--
It's been a busy night.
You've 20 bodies
to cut and bag.
-I know, I just...
-Don't forget,
after the body bagging
you're on glass duty.
Jeremiah out.
- But you said--
-Not now Nigel!
Nailed it.
Dave.
Sorry, sorry.
Sorry, can you...?
Just get her in there.
That's it. There she is.
No, no. Hold on.
There's just, just a touch.
There we go.
Okay, that's all in.
All right Gary? How's your mum?
Great chat.
Press the button.
♪ Nobody loves me ♪
♪ Nobody seems to care ♪
Right. Just two seconds.
Sorry.
There we are.
Just nearly out, that's us.
There we go.
♪ You know I've had my share ♪
♪ I am ♪
♪ Packing up my suitcase ♪
♪ I... ♪
Naughty, naughty.
You nearly missed
the main event.
I'm the main event.
♪ Well ain't nobody worrying ♪
♪ And there ain't
nobody crying ♪
♪ Seems to me every day ♪
♪ I have the blues ♪
Ledge!
You surpass yourself, Tick Tock.
The blonde stays.
- Put the moose pig back in its cage.
- -No.
"No," as my father taught me,
is the last word
I hear from dead men.
Yes, Mr. Requin.
No is a word I imagine
people want
to say to you
a great deal, Junior.
It's just you don't
want to hear it.
No, I don't want to touch you.
No.
Jeremiah's not a moose pig.
How dare you?
How dare you??
Listen carefully.
You'll probably hear this
truth once from a woman.
I'm only interested
in you for the money.
Expendability
against expenditure.
You give us disposable men
to fight to their deaths,
I give you disposable income
to pay for the women who'd
rather be dead than touch you.
I can give men, women,
boys, and girls.
I need fighting age men.
Military background a plus
and nobody who will miss
them when they're gone.
You have balls.
Balls break. I don't.
Your anonymity is guaranteed.
Nobody knows the names of
the clients but me and my boss.
Nobody knows the password
to get to the names but me.
Zero kills.
Hard Eight has
a code of conduct.
How will a man who can't
kill on request,
die on request? Hmm?
We have leverage.
He'll go down on the third.
If he lasts that long.
Rawbone does not hold back.
So Hard Eight has to cling
on for three long rounds.
Where did you find Rawbone?
My father.
He won him in a game of cards
and loaned him to me.
I told father I would bring
him back in one piece.
Don't make me a liar.
♪ Princes watch paupers
ding ding in the ring ♪
♪ Shackled wrists
bloodied fists ♪
♪ It's all a show
for those in the know ♪
♪ Puppets on strings
mockingbird sings ♪
♪ Open secrets dark to light ♪
♪ Wake up stand up
it's time to fight ♪
We never really
chatted much, did we?
You're a good man.
Everything you do,
it's much appreciated, Nige.
Means a lot coming
from you, mate.
Remember, down in the third.
Not before or after.
I know that hurts you,
you hate to lose.
Tonight goes wrong,
or hurts our business.
you hurt our business,
we hurt her.
Chrissy.
We have eyes
and ears everywhere.
In the beginning
I asked you a question.
Is there anyone who would
miss you if you went missing?
You said no.
You made a decision to lie,
and now you get to make
one last decision.
You die...
or she dies.
These names,
all people I killed.
I have a place for
your name right here.
Oh yeah,
need me to spell it for you?
Yeah!
Don't kill the guests.
Father Arkancide,
my lips to God's ears,
Hard Eight dies by your hand.
Ow, you--
Bet you're glad I overhead
Hard Eight's secret
call now, huh?
Payback's a beautiful bitch.
-Who is it?
-Police, open up.
We've heard reports of screams
coming from your flat.
Screams? Haven't heard
any screams.
-But you will.
-P-Please.
Please don't.
No, no, please.
Please don't shoot.
Is the bitch dead?
All right. I thought
you were happy.
No, I understand.
You're not happy.
Hard Eight isn't getting past...
What?
We have men waiting for him.
Don't worry. I'll fix this.
I love you.
Mm-hmm, I want my money back.
Money I bet,
money I should have won.
-Please, Mr. Requin--
-Shut your mouth.
You made me break
my promise to my father
that I would bring
him back in one piece.
Well technically,
that's still true.
I'll have to pay for a funeral.
You know what a coffin
this size costs? Hmm?
You steal my money,
you make me a liar.
Give me one good reason why
I shouldn't have Tick Tock here
rip your fucking heart out.
There's two.
My knees ache.
The cramps churn.
I just want to crawl up
into a ball and...
Now you're getting it.
The bleeding seems never-ending.
The dull pain in the lower
back is constant.
Every once in a while...
Shooting pains.
And the headaches,
brutal, right?
I recommend a painkiller
and a good, long sleep.
Sweet dreams.
Now what do we do with you?
Fuck.
I'd like to reopen
the negotiations.
I know the business.
I know what you need.
Settle your spurs a mo, cowboy.
It's Hard Eight dead?
No, but your boys are.
And you'll be joining them soon.
You shouldn't have
killed Chrissy.
See you soon, Serena.
Jeremiah, tell everybody
to be cocked,
locked and ready
to rock.
Hard Eight's on his way back.
It's gonna be
a fun night.
Ass!
Ugh, through the...
Stop fucking jiggling.
Muppet.
Now I can't sit in the front.
Win for me.
Nice, looks like we're
the first ones on the scene.
How can we be here first?
Redmond told us
to join her here.
Hooper, I know you've
only been with us a month, mate.
But if you're going to
go out in the field with me
you have to expect
the unexpected, all right?
Watch me. Soak in my experience.
You'll go far in
this world, son.
Your wife will have to sit
in the back now as well.
Another win.
Been married two years, Hooper,
you know what that means?
Third time lucky, she's the one.
It means if I'm lucky, I get one
chance at sex once, once a week.
Guess which night I get dragged
out on a last-minute raid?
Tonight. Was your wife annoyed?
I don't know. She's at her
cooking class tonight.
All right Redmond?
This is a fucking raid,
you Muppets.
Me and the SWAT unit are
parked on the corner,
not realizing that
you two knobbers
were announcing our arrival.
Fucking move!
I liked her a lot better
before she quit smoking.
Detective MacCready,
didn't hear you arrived.
Comedy Bob, comedy.
Right, on one we ran the door.
Three, two, one.
One.
One!
Where's the fucking ram?
We didn't bring the fucking ram.
-You forgot the ram?
-We didn't bring the ram,
Mam, Ma'am.
- Ram mam.
- Stop saying fucking ram.
We didn't bring the metal,
pushy, door-open device.
-Just say ram.
-He said don't say ram.
I'm ram you, you fucking...
You didn't say you
had bolt cutters.
You can ask for bolt cutters.
You asked for a ram.
It's super specific man.
Ran the fucking door.
There is CCTV, Redmond,
but it's fried.
Need Hooper to
come work his magic.
But before I can do that,
he wants me to come back
up to the fifth floor.
He thinks he's found something.
Police! Please freeze!
You have the right
to remain silent
anything you say can
and will be used against
you in a court of law.
Did you say "please freeze"?
I'll be back.
Mug.
Not a word.
And I need him talking before
Keaton hears about this raid.
The Chief Inspector's very late.
-Oh, have you not seen
the news tonight?
-No.
The mayor's given
her another award.
- ...revered for her work.
- Woman of the year or some shit.
Please be upstanding for
my old school friend.
Woman of the Year, Chief
Inspector Katherine Keaton.
I made an
important breakthrough.
Hm, what's that on his arm?
I know what that is.
Saying nothing,
sometimes says the most.
Hooper, in with me.
Me, in? No. Why?
I need a bad cop.
Am I a bad cop?
Yes.
-Redmond, grab me
his evidence bag.
-Of course.
This silence is gonna make you
a very popular boy on D Wing.
What are you doing?
You can see from his attempt
at interrogation
my colleague is not here
to intimidate you physically.
He cannot kick seven bells
of shit out of you.
Not like I could.
Not like they will inside.
He won't outsmart you,
he has no wit, zero charm.
He will never get
the girl at party.
He will never get invited to
a party where there are girls.
What he understands
is computers.
Loves 'em.
He's going to retrieve
the footage that proves you
created tonight's corpses.
Actually that's what
I came in to tell you, Mac.
I've recovered fragments
of the CCTV feed.
Bro.
What's with all the banging?
I'm being the bad cop.
At least you're consistent.
Just trying to...
-Congratulations, Ma'am.
-Fuck off.
Why didn't you call me?
I was taking initiative, ma'am.
You're taking
the piss, Sergeant.
Give me the run down.
A 999 call gave us
the address,
the place we've
been searching for.
By the time we got there,
everyone was dead.
All except one.
No name, no prints
in the system.
-Just carrying a door key and--
-Who called it in?
A Serena Marcos.
Serena Marcos?
She here too?
Not yet, but we're
still sifting bodies.
Walk with me.
I brought numb nuts
in here to show you,
I'm not worried about
getting you to talk.
I don't need you to.
That tattoo removal scar,
it's an interesting shape.
Why did you serve, Marine?
You requested to join
my task force,
I wanted to help a female
officer climb the ladder.
I'm not your enemy,
I'm not your friend.
I'm your boss.
Respect that Sergeant.
Sorry Ma'am.
Disrespect me again,
you will be.
I don't tolerate liars,
never have, never will.
Now go get me something
I can use from the CCTV.
Speak, don't speak,
I got what I need to put
you in a prison cell.
Cell's nothing compared to the
seven levels of hell I escaped.
And that's if I go to prison.
Oh you're going.
I know all I need
to know about you.
I know more about you
than you know about me.
-Right-handed.
-Yeah
-Wanker.
-Yeah.
Wife's cheating on you.
Yeah. How the fuck
did you know--
Pricks.
Get out.
I await your explanation.
He wasn't talking.
-He wasn't talking?
-He wasn't talking.
Did the claret get him chatting?
Oh, he was talking before that,
just not about what we needed.
So you pulled a pencil on him.
I did that because
he tricked Mac.
Did you glean any useful info?
He's a wanker.
We're both pricks,
Max wife is cheating on him.
The tattoo he had scrubbed is,
it's military.
If I can get a regiment
I can get a name.
Off you fuck then.
I knew she'd been cheating
with that chef prick.
Two years she's been
to that cooking class
and she's still shit.
Good evening, Mr...
Always worth a try.
I'm Chief Inspector
Catherine Keaton
and I'll be conducting
your interview now.
Since you Houdini'ed out
so easily
I see no reason
to cuff you again.
No dramas.
We can have a civilized
conversation, can't we?
Civility ain't what
it used to be.
Fuck off, Hooper!
Pull up his scar!
So what is it?
I'd bet Hooper's virginity
our boy's ex-military.
Well, how do you know?
He'd spunk his shorts if
a bird held his hand.
Yeah, not Hooper, the scar.
"R.M."
Royal Marines Commando.
Check military records
for those kicked out.
Proud Marines don't
remove their tats.
My dad showed is off
enough for me to know that.
It probably doesn't seem this
way, but I'm here to help.
So it's your turn to try
and connect with me?
Patience is a virtue
I hold dear.
Was Serena Marcos
a patient person?
Now, look what else I recovered.
Welcome back, Judas.
I would have run,
but then traitors are never
remembered for their smarts.
You know, when Guy Fawkes
failed to assassinate James 1st,
he was to be
punished for treason.
Hung from the gallows,
balls severed, guts spilled.
After tonight,
what you've done...
That's too polite.
But Fawkes was smart,
unlike you.
Before he could be eviscerated,
he threw himself off
the scaffold,
breaking his own neck.
I suggest you take a leaf
out of his yellow-bellied book.
Put that metal in your
mouth and squeeze till
you feel a breeze.
You shouldn't have killed her.
She had nothing
to do with this world.
This is my world.
You brought her into it.
This is all on you.
You die or she dies.
That's the deal we made.
You broke another promise.
And now, you both die tonight.
Serena?
Serena?!
I have an ear for guns.
They whisper to me.
Do you want to know what
they are saying right now?
"You're talking to a gun,
seek medical help."
"Shoot me, I'm full."
-What if I kill you first?
-He kills you.
Okay.
I promised Miss Serena
60 seconds of pugilism.
So drop your weapon
and raise your fists.
I guarantee when time is up,
you'll beg for a bullet.
Even I know never
trust a man who thinks
60 seconds is impressive.
♪ Whoa yeah ♪
♪ So many rules that you're
bound and tied to ♪
♪ It's like a bending your fire
while I'm free my tune ♪
♪ Stay in your cave and
you can learn to control you ♪
♪ But you can break
through the wall ♪
♪ And knock yourself
free fall ♪
♪ I said break up through ♪
♪ Like I do ♪
♪ Cross the lines ♪
♪ Damn the lines ♪
♪ I said break up through ♪
♪ The so many rules that
you're bound and tied to ♪
♪ And you can break through
the wall and knock
yourself free fall ♪
♪ I said break up through ♪
♪ Like I do ♪
♪ Cross the lines ♪
♪ Damn the lines ♪
♪ I said break up through ♪
At least we're making money.
We have money.
Make him dead.
Serena Marcos a friend of yours?
Do I seem like someone who
has a lot of friends to you?
Is she dead?
You know, I've always
had trouble putting names
to faces. Faces the bodies.
Ah, I'd kill to find some faces.
We just seem to find limbs,
torsos, skulls,
bagged up buried like
a macabre pick 'n mix.
Serena Marcos and her
associates at Club Knuckledust
don't let us find a body
to give the families who've
lost a loved one some peace.
She, they,
maybe even you,
slice and dice
the bodies of the dead
up into tiny teeny pieces.
Smash the teeth.
Burn off fingertips.
I mean, I should be in
that interrogation room.
I mean, I took the call.
I broke this case.
I was first on scene.
What have you done?
I was running his prints
through a military database.
Whoa, this is, this is
way above my pay grade.
Hooper, can you get in?
-I'm not allowed.
That's not why I asked.
Oh, okay, baby.
Let's get this party...
started!
Swipe left, swipe left,
hello, swipe right.
Match! Nice pic. Really?
My mum took mine too.
Mm, fancy meeting up?
Cool, cool beans.
I'll pick you
up at 6:00 p.m.
Wow, how old's your
profile picture?
Yeah sunlight's a bitch.
Hey, ho, hop on.
Mountain bike, five speed.
Let's get romantical
and hit dinner.
Who needs candle light
when you have strip light?
Every morsel of vegan chicken
in that bucket
is un-caged tofu.
Mmm. Fancy coming to mine?
My mum's in hospital, cataracts.
We have the basement
to ourselves.
Oh, you like that?
Oh, yeah,
slip off your firewalls.
Your main frame is so soft.
Oh, your password protected
security is so tight!
Oh, yeah,
oh, not the right spot?
Guide me, baby, that's it.
Oh, come on, that's it, baby,
that's it, give it to me.
Yeah, oh, yeah!
Mum! You're home early,
don't look, I can't stop.
Keep going, that's it.
Come on, right there!
Now, who looks like a virgin?
-You.
-Always.
Forever.
He was a war hero.
Yeah, "was" being
the operative word.
Hickshill Police.
Okay, Mr.--
A very angry and loud
Colonel Vaughn is on his way
to pick up Brodie
in exactly 60 minutes.
Why would a war hero work
somewhere that killed veterans?
Hooper send all
the evidence to my phone.
I'm headed back to the scene.
We're missing something.
Print Brodie's file.
Oh, we need to warn Keaton.
A few months back, Mac found
a forearm with a tattoo.
the name Siobhan embedded
in the hilt of a Gaelic blade
above a military
regiment number.
It led us to a sergeant
Jimmy James. Heard of him?
Names, faces. No.
Became homeless
after losing his wife
Siobhan to cancer.
Depression creeped
in the back door
that the PTSD had snuck
in and left unlocked.
Surprises us all at some point.
His identity led us to the fact
that the homeless,
many of them veterans,
were disappearing
from our streets.
I don't like it.
These men deserve better.
That's why I want Serena.
That's why you should help me.
They my sympathies,
but sympathy is not
Serena's strong point.
I'll tell you that for nothing.
Everything on Captain
Roy Brodie.
This isn't everything.
I found out who he is.
You found out who he was.
This tells me absolutely
nothing about right now.
We have him killing
on camera.
Well that's better.
Any news on Serena?
She was alive last we saw.
Oh and Brodie's
Commanding Officer,
Colonel Vaughn, will be in
60 minutes to collect him.
How did he find
out we had him?
Brodie was flagged in
the military database.
Hooper messed up, ma'am.
Anything else?
No ma'am.
Oh, we need to warn Keaton.
Vaughn said as this
is a military matter
out-ranking us,
anyone interviewing
his soldier when he arrives
will be terminated
with immediate effect.
No more excuses.
I give you one job tonight.
Just man up. Put him down.
I told you this is my world.
And I control everything in it.
Fuck me.
Nobody takes that literally.
Let's start again.
I'm Chief Inspector
Catherine Keaton.
Good evening Chief Inspector.
I'm captain Roy Brodie.
AWOL.
Why'd you run?
Oh, I didn't.
Couldn't handle the pressure?
Pressure?
You have no idea.
You see corpses after
the fact. Not us.
Must be hard in the mind.
What you want me
to say? I'm broken?
I can't talk about it?
Nah.
Oh, I'll talk about it freely.
I'm proud to be a bootneck.
I wore the blues With pride.
Some of us come home
and they don't fit
back in that easy.
Makes us think that
we should have rode home
in a body bag after all.
It's if we even
have a home anymore.
AWOL meant I couldn't
work under my own name.
But of cash in hand,
volunteering, stuff like that.
Some of us.
The streets we went away
to protect became our homes.
Ceasing to exist anymore.
But in our...
Their own heads.
It's hard.
Hard to give orders.
Even to yourself. When you're
so used to taking them.
Surely you gave orders, Captain
Many.
And the one time I refuse
to someone dies.
But I can't help thinking
it was his fault.
Whose fault?
Major Vaughn.
You mean Colonel Vaughn.
Promoted?
Doesn't surprise me.
You know my name
he knows I'm here.
He stopped me doing my job.
He'll stop you doing yours.
He didn't stop you killing.
My job wasn't to kill.
It was to protect.
The innocents.
My regiment.
My soldiers.
My country.
A country I love.
That didn't seem to love
me when I washed back,
weary on its shores.
It's war.
Men are supposed to die.
Men.
Yes.
Boys...
No.
My queen, I fucking miss ya.
And I'm gonna love the
fuck out of you when I get home.
Tell my boy that Daddy
will be home soon.
Tell him I miss him so
fucking much.
Give him a squeeze for me.
And, er, tell that little pea
in your belly that I can't
fucking wait to meet her.
You always get me
through the days here.
I miss the fuck out of you all.
So fucking much.
Benchy.
Is that all right, Cap?
You love her, Private?
Yeah, I fucking love her, Cap.
Love, Benchy.
Took out all the 'fucks' again.
Thanks, Cap.
Now fuck off, will ya?
Major.
Vaughn.
Promoted since birth.
Make yourself scarce, son.
He didn't learn names.
We were already bodies
on a block to him.
Skin statistics.
To what do I owe
this pleasure, Major?
Seeing out boys
out there without fear
played well with the public.
Who did you poll?
The enemy?
Now that's a setup.
No soldier with a brain,
or wants a brain in their skull,
would walk around waiting to get
zapped without a bone dome on.
The public saw no fear on
his face, neither did the enemy.
We're trained
not to look scared,
doesn't mean we're not.
The Prime Minister
has made it a priority
to get more of these
pictures out to the public.
Then let
her wander out there
wearing just factor
forty and a smile.
The PM wants to show
that we're winning.
By losing soldiers?
This is an order from up high.
No, this is an order
from someone who is high.
I won't tell my soldiers
to act in a way that'll
get them killed,
so as a condescending prick,
who's sacrificed nothing
in their lives,
only other people's children,
can prove to mummy and daddy
they're king of a kingdom they
never deserved nor earned. Sir.
I'm giving you
an order, Captain.
And I'm disobeying it, Major.
He ordered Bench
to go outside the compound,
kick a ball around with
some kids for a photo-op.
And he told them I gave
the order to go out
there without his kit.
He trusted me.
And his last thoughts
were that I okayed that.
That I killed him.
He was just a boy.
A kid.
But Vaughn won't forget either.
When he looks in the mirror,
he'll remember me.
And he'll remember
Private Lee Bench.
An eye for a lie.
He can never un-see that.
Where did that come from now?
I don't know.
I don't want to see where
anything else comes from.
I don't want to see
where anything else goes.
Oh, no.
It's not over.
Well, he's not
getting past my kill squad
with just a dildo in a smile.
He literally just got
past the kill squad with
a dildo and a smile.
Touché.
How old was Private Bench?
Seventeen.
My son, Noah, was the
same age on his first
tour of Afghanistan.
Is this where we bond?
This is where I talk
to someone who understands
why I want to help the men
your employer has you kill.
Where's he stationed now?
Bromley Cemetery.
Roadside IED
on a routine patrol.
No such thing as
routine out there.
Where was he stationed?
Afghanistan.
Where?
Kandahar.
When did he die?
Two years ago.
I was there around then.
He was only there a month.
A month's enough.
These soldiers' deaths
remind me of him every day.
I couldn't save him but...
maybe I can save them. Or you.
I'm long past saving.
Creating a dead son's
a bit fucking dark.
Wow. He's still going.
Wonder if Brodie
makes it out alive.
-What?
-Wonder if he lives.
It's...
What?
Fuck's sake.
I'm getting worried.
I got this covered.
Kill squad in position.
Jeremiah...
do I have time
for a toilet break?
Not now, Nigel.
He's coming.
You can go for a piss after
you kill him, all right?
You're a kill squad,
for fuck's sake.
Would you care for
a cheeky bump Nigel?
Not for me, mate.
Never touched the stuff.
Surprise, cockface!
Oh boy.
-And what have you done now?
-I don't know, nothing.
I pressed something.
Maybe. It was an accident.
-You were an accident?
-You been talking to my mom?
Just get it back, fuckstick.
18 months.
Yes, I am surprised.
Because mathematically
you've been
banging another bloke
for 75% of our marriage.
You're breaking up.
No not we're breaking up
there's bad signal down here,
I'm just--
What. No. No, I'm probably not
going to let this one go either.
Detective. I'm SOCO Ellen Shaw.
I've been told you're
looking for a dead woman.
I can't
afford to be picky.
The suspect you have in custody
you think killed
this Serena Marcos
you're looking for?
Well, maybe. I mean,
he's a mean-looking bastard.
I could take him. Probably.
You're married.
Married, dead inside,
potato. potahto.
I've just seen
a mug shot of your suspect
and it matches someone that
I've already seen tonight
murder scene before this one.
Multiple GSW.
Looks like a pro hit.
-Can I borrow this?
-Mm.
Redmond, I think
I found Brodie's trigger.
I'm sending details now.
We all lie, Roy. Every day.
To hurt others, to keep
from hurting others,
to keep from hurting ourselves.
Who we are what we are.
I think you've been
lying for so long.
You don't even recognize
yourself anymore.
I think the proud
Soldier you describe
yourself as would be disgusted
with civilian Roy Brodie, hm?
Is that what you're into?
Multiple gunshots, close range.
Let her go, Brodie!
I'm fine, we're fine,
lower your weapon
or it will be the last
time you raise it, Sergeant.
Do it.
Talk to me, Roy.
Hmm? What happened?
I didn't kill Chrissy.
I'm a killer, yeah.
But I'm not a murderer.
This is all my fault.
If I'd just gone down
on the third, died tonight,
taken my punishment,
maybe she'd still be alive.
No. I thought that...
No, I thought that Hot Lips
heard me on the phone with
Chrissy two nights ago.
Oh, he told Serena, so she
knew I'd broken the fourth rule.
Don't lie to them.
And by lying,
I also broke their second rule.
Can't be anybody waiting
for me when I get home.
Hi.
Hey.
So... last night?
Last night.
Didn't we agree not
to say "I love you."
Yet.
Yet?
I definitely think we
shouldn't buckle
under peer pressure
to be one of those couples.
We're... are a couple?
Um, well, I mean...
I like the sound of that.
But you're right,
we won't be one of those
couples who say I love
you at every opportunity.
That's just sickening.
Yuck! They're the worst.
I hope this chat has cleared up
all this "I love you" business.
So, I never ever say
"I love you."
Cheater.
Never. I Promise.
I wish I never met Serena.
It was all by chance, you know.
I was bouncing at night,
was volunteering
at a shelter in the day.
Happy and Hot Lips
came a visiting one morning
hunting for new meat to mince.
I asked them to leave.
I was nice, they didn't listen.
So, it was time to not be nice.
They ran home
and cried to Serena.
She wanted to meet
the man who messed them up.
Jeremiah begrudgingly
offered me a job and...
I needed the money.
Going up?
Not now, Nigel.
Wankstain.
Can I grab a gum?
Don't think you're
gonna like this flavor.
It's spicy.
Blow the head off ya.
Hot Lips, Happy,
head back upstairs.
You, follow me.
Where's this Serena I'm meeting?
That's Miss Serena
to you, Palooka.
She's waiting for you in there.
Barry.
This is the final stop
on the Knuckledust tour.
It's not pretty but
it's where the magic happens.
What magic happens
through there?
That's my office.
Nobody goes in there
without an invitation.
Bulletproof.
Put it in myself.
Bulletproof?
I'm protected.
And as long as you work
with me, so are you.
All I ask is that
you don't lie to me.
It's the one rule we all live
by in the Knuckledust family.
Do you have kids,
parents, siblings, pets,
a partner, coffee?
Why? Er, yes, please,
black, no sugar.
Hey. Coffee.
Because that complicates things.
You lose a fight
or God forbid, you die.
We have to make you disappear.
We can't have people at home
missing you looking for you.
Complicates the business
I got nothin', got nobody.
You'll fit right in.
He's deaf. And dumb.
Good thing he's strong
or he'd be a dead dodo.
Then he would just be a dodo.
They're already extinct, so.
Oh, clever.
Clever, clever science.
Man, dick.
First fight is Friday night,
the bigger the betting
the more you earn,
the more you win
the more they bet.
Circle of death.
I don't kill.
Break bones, bleed blood.
Spill less than the other guys,
just keep it entertaining
that's all we ask.
We?
Sorry?
You said "we."
Oh, I meant the royal "we."
Any problems, contact Jeremiah.
Anytime.
My number's 0800 blow me.
You still live at home?
-What?
-That's your mother's
work number.
It's your mom's landline number.
Listen, I don't want
to get pig-lifted by
the boys in blue.
Won't happen, can't happen.
You see we have friends
in not just high places,
but the highest of places.
Now...
let's give you a name.
Something to get
gamblers gambling.
You're implying they have
a copper in their pocket?
One of my team?
Just one?
They have deep pockets.
None of my team of crooked.
If they are
all still your team.
We have to stop meeting
like this.
Ah, fucking hell.
Which floor is this?
Weird.
Don't Pinter pause me.
What's weird?
This time stamp,
it's not from tonight. It's old.
That is weird.
Where's Ellen?
Ellen? Don't know.
But I'm going to follow
her suit by leaving
and not coming back.
Bit like your first wife.
Fucking hell,
kick me when I'm down.
You're lucky I don't
kick seven bells of shit...
Seven bells.
A cell's nothing compared
to the seven levels
of hell I escaped.
You don't just want Serena.
You want the other half,
the royal "we."
I'm gonna find them.
Burn down everything
someone loves and wait.
They'll come looking
for you in the flames.
Where do you start
looking for someone
you know nothing about?
There were whispers
of a butcher and his blades
on a horse and cart.
Whispers echoed loudly
from Serena.
She took pride in regaling me
of how she learned to
disappear the bodies
of dead fighters
like a backdoor butcher.
So I dug a little deeper.
The irony.
A walk the cobbles
working class man,
his kid went
everywhere with him.
Piss poor.
But as many has
instilled in them back then,
they had a true work ethic.
Their faces got known
amongst the ruling class,
most of whom live without
rules and die without class.
At those windows salivating
for scraps.
At least that's what
the elite eaters thought.
You see, this guy and his kid,
they provided a very
unique service.
On the face of it you saw
a normal and respectable
family business.
But it was all just
a song and dance.
Kid never stood a chance.
When you're locked into
a life of secrets and lies,
how can you ever know what
the truth truly looks like?
They were putting on a show.
Act One:
disappear those
who had wronged the wrong man.
He taught the kid well.
No teeth, no dental records,
no identification.
Act Two:
slice and dice
with skill and precision.
Choice cuts, sound familiar?
Forearms with tattoos.
The final act was the reveal.
And the audience applauds.
But the tale ended
as they all do.
Grimly.
They served up someone
that they shouldn't have.
- And the kid?
- Well, the kid grew up.
Years later,
everyone connected to
the Rag and Bone man's death
Was wiped out.
Rats ratted.
Businesses burned. Arrests made.
You walked into prison,
you were body bagged back out.
Think it has something
to do with the kid?
Each of the dead bodies had
a chunk cut out and left behind.
Indicating who was dead.
A tattoo, a ring finger.
Wrapped in brown paper,
tied with string
and left beside the body.
Just like Daddy did.
You're a hell of a storyteller.
I really hope some
of them are true.
So do I.
You better have
washed your hands.
Get in!
What happened to you?
Cocaine.
No shit!
No, just piss.
I couldn't hold it.
How are you in here?
I played dead.
And then when Brodie
went to the bathroom,
lucky bastard, I just snuck
past them and escaped.
-Escaped?
-Mm-hm.
You realize you could
have gotten out of here alive
if you'd run the other way?
Oh, yeah.
Never thought about that.
Not now, Nigel, just change.
You reek.
Go.
Dumbnuts better not
let him get to you
or I'll kill him myself.
If Hard Eight gets
to me that means you're
already dead, Jeremiah.
Gun up. Kill him!
I'm going for a cigarette.
I thought you quit.
I ain't no quitter.
♪ They saddled me with bullets
♪ And they handed me a gun ♪
Right, light Brodie up as soon
as Tombstone's out of the way.
He can't get through us.
Go!
♪ I said goodbye to my lover
as I walked out the door ♪
♪ She said I'm too afraid
I won't see you no more ♪
Hello, gorgeous.
♪ I reassured her with a kiss ♪
♪ And like my aim
I did not miss ♪
♪ And I hold that memory
with me to this day ♪
♪ I said I'm going
across the sea ♪
♪ To fight another one of me ♪
♪ And I know not of the reason ♪
♪ Or what for ♪
Fuck!
♪ So I jumped into
the lion's mouth ♪
♪ Just to see what life
was really about ♪
♪ And if I returned
to the flames ♪
♪ And whatever still remains ♪
♪ Oh yeah you will see
what I was all about ♪
♪ So I climbed up
on the stairs ♪
♪ Above her body where she lay ♪
♪ And I hold that memory
with me to this day ♪
♪ And I thank God
for all my days ♪
First I lose
my Christmas cannon,
now my birthday Berettas.
My Nan's gonna go mental.
Not now, Nigel.
Oh, for fuck's sake.
Tombstone was sat here,
right in front of them.
Where's Serena?
She's in her fucking office.
Don't look at me like that.
You were the one that said
look in the lost and found.
I was pointing at
the protective gear.
I'm not some fucking fuckboy
fucker you can just laugh at.
"Oh, look at Nigel, he's pissed
himself again."
Unbelievable!
I come in here every day
for a paycheck
that my Nan laughs at.
I can barely afford
to rent her basement.
I go to the cafe for my lunch.
I never get
reimbursed for petrol.
Not now, Nigel!
All I would like to be
is respected for my
achievements in here!
What do you want,
Thug of the Month?
A kiss from the Queen?
You're a hired goon.
We all are.
There's no award for a man
who defecates his own pants.
Dick of the day,
every day, you can have that.
I'm a self-employed dick!
I know what I'll do.
Fuck this place.
I'll fucking unionize. I just--
Not now, Nigel. It's all right.
It's all right.
What's he playing at?
It's disgusting.
He's always gobbling out of his
gob and sticking it in things.
There's loads of it
under that coffee table.
Bulletproof?
That's not chewing gum.
Bollocks.
Is this where you deliver
a cool yet comical one liner?
Nope.
I didn't know I was going to do
when I finally had
her in my grasp.
I was just so...
I could feel the bubbling
under my skin.
My veins coursing
with vengeance.
I just wanted her to feel
the pain I felt,
that Chrissy felt.
In that moment.
What did you do, Brodie?
I got lost again.
She had that ability.
Her siren call luring me into
the depths of hell once more.
I pulled her hair tightly
around my fingers.
A little harder each time.
It felt wrong,
it was wrong.
Then again, she never
liked it right.
I loved Chrissy, but that world,
it was a different life.
Different me.
Like being back in battle.
That man couldn't possibly exist
in the real world.
In Chrissy's world.
I could pass off
the cuts and bruises,
but I couldn't lie next to her.
Touch her with blood
under my fingernails.
She could never understand.
If I'm honest,
I never wanted her to.
Serena understood.
Serena loved that side of me.
She loved peeling
the blood dust from my knuckles
as we lay in bed.
When did this start?
I want the boss to know.
Every time they was with Serena.
I'd been there an hour before.
Inside her, on her, over her.
She loved the danger.
She loved it,
every second of it.
And she was open to everything,
men, women.
Why would she do this?
Serena was the face.
If the hammer fell,
she went down.
She felt taken advantage of.
Unprotected.
She hated the boss for that.
She tell you who the boss was?
No, not yet.
She was protecting me.
Why?
Because she loves me.
And I love her.
I love, loved them both.
I couldn't kill her.
She's called the police on you.
She's playing you,
you can't save her.
You're going away,
Roy, for a long time.
She deserves to do the same.
Help me talk to me please.
She called the police on me?
Yeah.
I want to talk to you,
only you, but...
Colonel Vaughn, I presume?
Let me show you to your soldier.
Serena's playing you.
There were no orders to
kill Chrissy except from her.
Think. She recruited you.
She's the face of the business
because she is the business.
She ordered the hit.
She's going to get
me out of here.
She promised.
We're taking the money.
and we're disappearing.
If she's waiting for you,
it's to make sure the evidence
is gone and finish the job.
That's why she called
us to come get you.
You're the last witness,
the last piece of evidence.
Be a hero.
Like Noah, Bench, Jimmy.
Don't let them die in vain.
She doesn't love you.
She doesn't love anyone.
She called us, set you up.
She send us to find you, Roy.
She told me
to destroy the hard drives,
the CCTV, then come back.
I was supposed to have ages,
but then...
I wasn't expecting her
to call you.
Where is Serena?
At the flat I shared
with Chrissy.
I tried to stop him, Ma'am.
On your feet, soldier.
Surely you haven't
forgotten how to salute
a superior officer.
You haven't changed.
But you will.
I've got my eye on you, boy.
He's our lead suspect.
He's your last suspect.
A letter of resignation will
be on your desk by 9:00 a.m.
I told your chimp that anyone
I find interviewing my soldier,
terminated with
immediate effect.
Is there any paperwork?
You can sign him
out at the front desk.
You have no jurisdiction here.
I have jurisdiction everywhere.
Did you, um, get any leads
from Brodie, ma'am?
I did. They were
always one step ahead.
We finally managed
to get a break
and my team do their
damndest to fuck it up.
I'm the only person
I can trust now.
I have one night
left in this job,
and I intend on
closing the case.
Put him down. Now.
Now it's Keaton's turn to burn.
The mobile you have dialed
has been disconnected.
Fuck!
Come on, come on, come on.
This is Keaton,
leave a message.
Fuck!
Hello?
Keaton's in trouble.
She's not answering her phone.
She said she was
following up on a lead.
Get Hooper to track her.
Hooper's gone.
Phone disconnected,
evidence gone.
I think, I think he just
blew up a jeep with Brodie
and two soldiers.
Hooper? That bellend?
He's watched every step we make.
Acting the fool, tripping us up.
Now he's just tying
up his loose ends.
Well, we've got a few more
swimmers in their witness pool,
so maybe one of these lads
can give us some info on him.
Until they do,
Keaton's on her own.
Brodie?
I've missed you baby.
Katherine?
I'm so sorry.
I'm sorry.
Sorry I ever loved you.
I have to applaud you.
Setting up a task force
to take down yourself.
You, you're under arrest.
Serena was on the run.
She needed protection.
A mentor. A partner.
Some would say a royal "we."
You can't connect me to Serena.
I don't need to.
Serena will.
Cameras get everywhere
these days.
Katherine?
I'm so sorry, I--
I'm sorry.
Sorry I ever loved you.
She killed me.
I don't believe it.
Password.
Do you understand
how high up this goes?
They'll kill me before
I drop a single name.
I'll kill you now if you don't.
Password to
your accounts, please.
You want their money?
We don't need their money,
but we know it hurts them.
Sunlight is
the best disinfectant.
Names in the open, they'll be
too busy with damage control
to worry about you.
Police station's that way.
Don't think about running.
Ask for Redmond or MacCready.
Good cops in bad times.
I see you.
Now we all see you.
What did I ever do to you?
You have a good memory.
You remember Ben?
Ben?
Torn in half at your club.
Eye popped out of its socket.
Dead. Discarded.
No funeral. No family.
Club rules.
He was my little brother!
I don't remember.
I'm fucking messing.
I'm messing.
I always wanted to do
a "Murder She Wrote"
this is why I did it ending.
Oh, you people.
Always think it's personal.
Making it personal
is how you got caught.
When your friends
have done bad things
to good people.
Feeding with one hand,
slitting throats
with the other. Well...
Me and my pals,
we do bad things to bad people.
Like you.
How noble,
but the people
I work for are untouchable.
We just released
their names online.
Consider them touched.
Why not just blow them
all up at the club?
Kill everyone.
Dead men walk, money talks.
Alive, the money trail,
the panic,
leads us to friends
in higher places.
How did you pull this off?
Doesn't matter.
Found out you were skimming
homeless veterans from shelters.
So I volunteered in one.
And I waited for your
boys to come shopping.
After the bruising
I gave his ego,
I knew Hot Lips would
run to Serena
at the first
opportunity of revenge.
Hot or not, those loose
lips sink ships.
He overheard a private chat
with me and Chrissy.
I knew Serena would
do what you taught her.
I don't tolerate liars
never have never will.
All I ask is
you don't lie to me.
It's the one rule we all live
by at the Knuckledust family.
Don't break that first
rule or we break you, then...
We have eyes
and ears everywhere.
...my old school friend,
Woman of the Year,
Chief Inspector
Katherine Keaton.
Chrissy's death
gives me a plausible reason
to go on a rampage.
I kill the CCTV
and everyone inside.
Except for Serena.
Hickshill Police Department.
My name is Serena Marcos.
I run Club Knuckledust with...
he's here.
One of my pals keeps
his good eye on Serena,
whilst another pal
puts all eyes on me.
Police! Please, freeze!
- Drop MacCready clues
using his two Achilles heels.
- R.M.
The pride of his father's
military service
and any pretty woman.
We feed Redmond info,
which bolsters the truth
of my story.
To you.
So really believe
every lie that leaves my lips.
But people have seen you.
You all exist.
They'll look for you.
Oh, we're dead.
It's amazing what
you can achieve with a jeep,
semtex and three dead bodies
slipped out an S&M gear.
People will remember you.
Police chief
runs human trafficking
and drug dealing fight club.
Bigger story than dead soldier.
They die every day.
Nobody cares.
They should.
But they don't.
My dad always said never
mix business and pleasure.
I was an old fool.
Thinking something
so beautiful could love...
This.
Oh, she loved you.
She only turned when she saw how
easy it was for you to kill her.
This accent.
Like a cigarette after quitting.
You know it's gonna kill you,
but I feel so damn good.
When did you know it was me?
Hooper went in knowing
it was someone in your unit.
He linked you to Serena.
We had to turn
you against each other.
What was the relationship?
Mother-daughter? That's hard.
Purely business, it's easier.
Lovers?
We went old school.
Jealousy always plays.
I promised myself I wouldn't
let emotions rule over me.
My dad moved us to East London
from East Kilbride
after Mom left.
He promised me
it was for a better life.
But he always broke
his promises.
My dad was just
trying to protect me
by hiding in plain sight.
Which was a technique
that stood me in good stead
for what was to come.
A wolf in cop's clothing.
A bit like me, my dad had
an eye for the ladies.
And Eleanor Smythe-Keaton
was a lady.
I would wait outside while
he paid her visits
to fix her plumbing.
She was only one of
his girls that took
the time to speak to me.
Couldn't have kids of her own.
So she took me in.
I took my opportunity
to reinvent myself.
Learn the ways
of the prim and proper
at private school.
I came into contact
with more criminals inside
those hallowed walls
than I ever did with my Dad.
To those who have everything,
more will be given.
From those who have nothing,
everything will be taken.
My school motto.
Why a copper?
I wasn't dirty
enough for politics.
So you and Serena never...
Never.
That story with the sex, the...
Believe half of what you
see, and none of what
you hear, ma'am.
You've taken everything
from me, Brodie.
Is your real name even Brodie?
Now I'll never learn
what your real name is.
I can't believe you
came up here without a weapon.
Oh, I didn't.
What the...
Who are you? Hmm?
Wake up.
Wake up!
You're famous.
So sorry.
You're fucked.
Sorry I ever loved you.
I'll deal with the paperwork.
Go home to your wife
and I'll sort things out.
Nah,
I'll head back to the station,
have a little chat
with our former boss.
It's a big case,
I wanna get to the bottom of it.
Besides, Donna's always
telling me I can't let go
of the little things.
Guess she's wrong again.
Is it done?
He's down. Finally.
Listen, I'm,
I'm sorry
I've been harsh tonight.
Do you forgive me, Big Trouble?
Of course, Little China.
As Old Jack always says...
What the hell?
Their names are out in the open.
They've nowhere left to hide.
Now the real hunt begins.
♪ Princes watch paupers
ding ding in the ring ♪
♪ Shackled wrists
bloodied fists ♪
♪ It's all a show
for those in the know ♪
♪ Puppets on strings
mockingbird sings ♪
♪ Open secrets dark to light ♪
♪ Wake up, stand up
it's time to fight ♪
♪ To them we're feeders
suckling at the teat ♪
♪ Bread and circus
keeps us busy ♪
♪ Whilst to them
we're bread and meat ♪
♪ The big top burns
animals uncaged ♪
♪ Now the ringmaster gets
the whip crack of our rage ♪
♪ The clowns wander lost
their act grown old ♪
♪ Sans costume and face paint
we're no more controlled ♪
♪ Birds on a wire
flap lips like Moses ♪
♪ Ready aim fire
at their big red noses ♪
♪ Princes watch paupers
ding ding in the ring ♪
♪ Shackled wrists
bloodied fists ♪
♪ It's all a show
for those in the know ♪
♪ Puppets on strings
mockingbird sings ♪
♪ Open secrets dark to light ♪
♪ Wake up, stand up
it's time to fight ♪
gunshot]
Now, Nigel.
Now.
♪ Final round
war cries as you rise ♪
♪ Walk tall stand your
ground you can take
them pound for pound ♪
♪ Aim high hit hard
swing low keep guard ♪
♪ Chins open eyes swollen ♪
♪ Rope a dope ♪
♪ Ribs broken ♪
♪ Splitting claret
beast awoken ♪
♪ Stay strong muted whines ♪
♪ Weak men make hard times ♪
♪ Obey consume conform ♪
♪ Princes watch paupers
ding ding in the ring ♪
♪ Shackled wrists
bloodied fists ♪
♪ It's all a show
for those in the know ♪
♪ Puppets on strings
mockingbird sings ♪
♪ Open secrets dark to light ♪
♪ Wake up stand up
it's time to fight ♪
♪ We are many they are few ♪
♪ Good versus evil
that is true ♪
♪ We will see who wins ♪
♪ Boots on the ground now
the real hunt begins ♪